Transfer the `hffs` code to `hfh` (#1420)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/guides/overview.mdx

      </p>
    </a>

    <a class="!no-underline border dark:border-gray-700 p-5 rounded-lg shadow hover:shadow-lg"
       href="./filesystem">
      <div class="w-full text-center bg-gradient-to-br from-indigo-400 to-indigo-500 rounded-lg py-1.5 font-semibold mb-5 text-white text-lg leading-relaxed">
        Filesystem
      </div><p class="text-gray-700">

>         How to interact with the Hub conveniently through an interface that mimics Python's file interface?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        How to interact with the Hub through a convenient interface that mimics Python's file interface?
```
